---
layout: post
title:  "Application of IoT"
date:   2019-03-23 21:03:36 +0530
categories: iot technology
---
# Amazing application of IoT<br>
Humans are very different from another living being, because of there curiosity to find new things. Things like this gave birth to live changing experience<br>
As I told in the introduction to IoT that it is increasing day by day(from 0.3 million to 1 trillion(nearly) in almost 29 years.<br>
* its First application is Wearables: -Wearables have experienced an explosive demand in markets all over the world. Wearable devices are installed with sensors and software which collect data and information about the users. This data is later pre-processed to extract essential insights about the user.<br>
These devices broadly cover fitness, health and entertainment requirements.<br>
* Second is IoT in Agriculture:- As the population is increasing day by day. so it is challenging to fulfill the needs of the generation. Farmers and governments want more crop yield every season. They check moisture, nutrients in the soil, and provide nutrients according to soil need<br>
* Third is IoT in Poultry and Farming:-Livestock monitoring is about animal husbandry and cost-saving. Using IoT applications to gather data about the health and well being of the cattle, ranchers knowing early about the sick animal can pull out and help prevent a large number of sick cattle. With the help of the collected data and ranchers can increase poultry production.<br>
* Fourth is IoT in Healthcare:-Connected healthcare yet remains the sleeping giant of the Internet of Things applications. The concept of the connected healthcare system and smart medical devices bears enormous potential not just for companies, but also for the well-being of people in general.<br>
Research shows IoT in healthcare will be massive in the coming years. IoT in healthcare is aimed at empowering people to live a healthier life by wearing connected devices.<br>
The collected data will help in the personalized analysis of an individual’s health and provide tailor-made strategies to combat illness. The video below explains how IoT can revolutionize treatment and medical help.<br>

